June webinar abstract (#784)
flowforge/website: src/webinars/2023/building-scalable-ha-node-red.md

duration: 60
hosts: ["marian-demme"]
hubspot:
    formId: b4ec9aa1-8648-47b3-b908-ec8597e8735d
---

**In today's fast-paced and interconnected world, the demand for scalable and highly available applications is greater than ever. Node-RED, a powerful flow-based programming tool, has gained immense popularity due to its simplicity and versatility in building Internet of Things (IoT) and automation applications. However, when it comes to developing robust and resilient systems, scalability and high availability are crucial factors that cannot be overlooked.**

<!--more-->

In this webinar, we will dive deep into the world of building Node-RED applications that can effortlessly scale and maintain high availability. Marian Demme, FlowForge Product Manager, will lead this session and share practical insights and best practices to show how FlowForge can unlock the true potential of Node-RED in large-scale deployments.
Key topics to be covered:
* Understanding scalability and high availability requirements in Node-RED applications.
* Designing scalable architectures using Node-RED flows and modules.
* Leveraging FlowForge for scaling and load balancing Node-RED applications.

> Whether you are a seasoned Node-RED developer or just starting your journey, this webinar will equip you with the essential knowledge and techniques needed to build robust, scalable, and highly available applications using Node-RED. Join us to discover how FlowForge helps you to unlock the full potential of Node-RED in your next project and ensure your applications can handle the demands of today's connected world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether you are a seasoned Node-RED developer or just beginning your journey, this webinar is designed to equip you with the essential understanding of principles related to scalability and high availability in applications using Node-RED. Join us to discover how FlowForge helps you to unlock the full potential of Node-RED in your next project and ensure your applications can handle the demands of today's connected world.
```
